Update Smidge Config to reflect the UmbracoSmidgeConfigCacheBuster (#3891)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/V9-Config/RuntimeMinificationSettings/index.md

"Umbraco": {
  "CMS": {
    "RuntimeMinification": {
      "UseInMemoryCache": true,

>       "CacheBuster": "Timestamp"

Reviewer: This section is intended to show the defaults so it needs to be reverted. See https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/blob/79fdb9a876a822f8662679711f5f801f3159ff42/src/Umbraco.Core/Configuration/Models/RuntimeMinificationSettings.cs for ref

>       "UseInMemoryCache": true,
>       "CacheBuster": "Timestamp"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "UseInMemoryCache": false,
      "CacheBuster": "Version"
```

This section is intended to show the defaults so it needs to be reverted. See [RuntimeMinificationSettings.cs](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/blob/79fdb9a876a822f8662679711f5f801f3159ff42/src/Umbraco.Core/Configuration/Models/RuntimeMinificationSettings.cs) for ref

    }
  }
}
```
## Use 'in memory' cache

This setting determines whether Smidge should save it's cached output in memory, or in a file on disk. If set to false, then the folder will be created at the wwwroot of your Umbraco site in a folder called 'Smidge'/

## Cache buster

> This is the setting that determines how Smidge should break it's cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies mechanism for cache invalidation.
```

The options are:

> * Version - Caches will be busted every time the version string changes in your appsettings.json file

Reviewer: appsettings is only one way to manage configuration, possibly beter to mention "configuration" with a link to [Managing configuration](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Reference/V9-Config/#managing-configuration)

> * Version - Caches will be busted every time the version string changes in your appsettings.json file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Version - Caches will be busted when your assembly version changes, Umbraco version changes & when version string in configuration changes.
```

## Cache buster

Specifies mechanism for cache invalidation.

The options are:

* Version - Caches will be busted when your assembly version changes, when the upstream Umbraco version changes and when the version string specified in Configuration changes.
* AppDomain - Caches will be busted when the app restarts.
* Timestamp - Caches will be busted based on a timestamp of the bundled files.

## Manually changing the Cache buster version

If you use a CacheBuster setting of "Version" you can add an additional configuration option, also called 'Version' , which allows you to set a value that you can incremement manually, or via a build server to make sure the version number changes for Smidge and busts the cache.

```json
"Umbraco": {
  "CMS": {
    "RuntimeMinification": {
      "UseInMemoryCache": true,
      "CacheBuster": "Version",
      "Version": "1234"
    }
  }
}
```
The actual 'Version' number will not be visible in the url of the assets, this is because it is combined, along with the Umbraco Version from configuration and the your project assembly dll, and then once combined a 'hash' is generated to obscure these details.

> in the HTML link thus: ```<link href='/sc/69a3dbf6.1cf661e7.css.d=efb7329470a16d7020272a294742726ebe1da5f1' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>```

Reviewer 2: Using `Version` cache buster the output in v9.4.1 is like this

`<link href='/sb/umbraco-backoffice-init-css.css.v7a71f91360259c5f7c3337f152b0df01eeee36f0' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>`

Author: done

Reviewer: This changes based on the value of [Hosting:Debug](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Reference/V9-Config/HostingSettings/#debug).

I'm not sure the emphasis on the hash appearing is useful as long as users are aware of when then cache busting takes place.

However I do wonder if we should change the value to be {{hash}.{configured explicit version value} so the value from config shows in the URL to avoid confusion.

Reviewer 2: > However I do wonder if we should change the value to be {{hash}}.{{configured explicit version value}} so the value from config shows in the URL to avoid confusion.

I think this makes sense!

Author: > However I do wonder if we should change the value to be {{hash}}.{{configured explicit version value}} so the value from config shows in the URL to avoid confusion.

Yes, great observation! - it's the 'setting' of an explicit version in the appsettings configuration that then doesn't translate to what's seen on the asset URLs, that causes confusion!

> in the HTML link thus: ```<link href='/sb/umbraco-backoffice-init-css.css.v7a71f91360259c5f7c3337f152b0df01eeee36f0' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the HTML link thus: ```<link href='/sb/umbraco-backoffice-init-css.css.v7a71f91360259c5f7c3337f152b0df01eeee36f0' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>``` (when [Umbraco:CMS:Hosting:Debug:false](../HostingSettings/index.md))
```
